I present a challenge leg day no weights
I may not have monster thighs but I do
know a thing or two about training for
stuff like this first exercise the squat
easy medium remember to do both sides
hard ooh yeah and hardest pick the
variation that you can do five or more
reps of and get it done great so these
quads are covered and now we'll move on
to our hamstrings this is the hamstring
bridge this one is easy medium
hard and
hardest then of course you can rest
unless you want to get flexible too
random scene chain easy medium hard wait
what's after that part the easy medium
hard and hardest ooh after three sets of
these your legs will be feeling like
noodles and hey don't overdo it and it's
okay if you only do the easy stuff we
all have to start somewhere and it might
as well be here stay flexy